Venkata Narasimha Sai Uday GattupalliStony Brook, NY | saiuday.gvn@gmail.com | Portfolio | 934-221-8552 | linkedin.com/in/gvn-saiuday/ | GitHub
EDUCATION
Stony Brook University Stony Brook, NY
Master of Science in Computer Science in Computer Science, GPA: 3.95 Aug 2022 – May 2024
Positions: Graduate Teaching Assistant for Introduction to Networking
Coursework: Visualization & Visual Analytics, Database Systems, Artificial Intelligence, Computer Networks,
Computer Vision, Data Science, Data Simulation & Modeling
Indian Institute of Technology Bhilai Raipur, India
Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science & Engineering, GPA: 3.82 Jul 2017 – May 2021
SKILLS
Skills: Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Data Mining, Full Stack Development, Database Design, Information
Retrieval, RESTful APIs
Languages: Python, C++, Java, C, JavaScript
Development Tools: Flask, SQL, NoSQL, fast.ai, Node.js, React.js, React Native, MongoDB, Git, Docker, Kubernetes, AWS,
GCP, Jira, Confluence, Elasticsearch, Postman, PyTorch, Tensorflow, Redis, HTML5, CSS3, Shell Scripting, Agile
Methodology, D3.js, DB2, Terraform, Ansible, CI/CD Pipelines
WORK EXPERIENCE
Canon U.S.A Melville, NY
Software Engineer Intern Jun 2023 – Aug 2023
● Engineered an interactive data visualization dashboard React.js & D3.js front-end with Python Flask back-end for
Canon's e-commerce, boosting insights into marketing opt-ins and product registrations by 25%.
● Devised optimized data extraction strategies to preprocess over 10M+ GCP logs from various business systems at Canon
efficiently, employing data transformation techniques to ensure seamless rendering in the frontend visualizations.
● Employed Google Cloud Platform services for deployment, resulting in a 50% boost in real-time interactivity and
user-responsive data exploration on Canon's e-commerce site.
Sterlite Technologies Gurugram, India
Software Development Engineer Jul 2021 – Jul 2022
● Researched, developed, and integrated network switch features into SONiC, aligning with current market standards,
contributing to a 20% expansion of functionality.
● Documented all the findings of function call flows between different containers in SONiC onto Confluence, thereby
reducing the training time for new employees by 30%.
● Mentored 10+ new employees with the prerequisites related to Network Operating Systems, SONiC, Docker, and other
tools used in the project reducing the onboarding time for the Edge Computing team (recently acquired by Ciena).
Max Secure Software Pune, India
Software Engineer Intern May 2020 – Aug 2020
● Implemented a Convolutional Neural Network model for malware detection which classified malware into their
respective families with an accuracy of 98% & hosted the model in an AWS cloud environment.
● Enhanced an open-source Windows Full Disk Encryption tool, adding features for API linked encryption, info sharing
and remote encryption by system administrators, resulting in a 15% rise in encryption versatility.
International Institute of Information Technology Hyderabad Hyderabad, India
Software Engineer Intern May 2019 – Jun 2019
● Collaborated with 3 departments to design, develop, and document a scalable & distributed web app (Open Voice) and
integrated the modules with cloud infrastructure via REST APIs to collect speech data of various Indian languages from
users across the country.
● Led efficient transfer of speech data, which enabled the training of a vital Natural Language Processing model for 5+
Indian language translation in a Government project.
PROJECTS
Obesity in the US: Factors at Play
Full Stack Development
● Built a custom-built interactive visual analytics dashboard for analyzing and visualizing the key factors affecting the
obesity rate using data from across 3000+ U.S. counties.
● Featured in Stars of CSE 564 Spring ’23 YouTube playlist by Prof. Klaus Mueller.
Expense Tracker
Full Stack Development (MongoDB, Express.js, React.js, Node.js Stack)
● A cross platform app for iOS & android to track personal income & expenses hosted with the help of cloud infrastructure.
● Crafted a MongoDB schema to store data and generate insightful reports and graphs on weekly and monthly timelines.
● Streamlined the process of adding a new transaction from transaction alert mails using Gmail APIs.
DNS and DNSSEC Resolver
Computer Networking
● Engineered a linux like dig tool (DNS lookup) to resolve a domain name iteratively using dnspython to fetch A, NS and
MX records. Extended this dig tool to resolve domains that have DNSSEC protocol enabled.
