Technical Product Manager Intern - Summer 2022 - San Jose, CA
eBay Inc. (Nasdaq: EBAY) is a global commerce leader that connects millions of buyers and sellers in more than 190 markets around the world. We exist to enable economic opportunity for individuals, entrepreneurs, businesses and organizations of all sizes. Founded in 1995 in San Jose, California, eBay is one of the world's largest and most vibrant marketplaces for discovering great value and unique selection. In 2022, eBay enabled nearly $74 billion of gross merchandise volume. For more information about the company and its global portfolio of online brands, visit www.ebayinc.com.

Technical Product Manager Intern:

The Technical Product Manager Intern will be the driving force behind execution to optimize the way we build and deliver end-to-end technology solutions that delight our fans, at global scale. Members of the Technical Product Management team will understand customer requirements and then be responsible for driving the delivery of the company's product road maps and features.



In this role you will work with and influence a global team that ensures Product & Technology teams work directly with Business, Marketing, Customer Service teams to understand the needs and aspirations of our buyers, sellers and third party developers. The team will drive all aspects of the concept to customers for different initiatives on the road map for customer facing applications, platform services, tools, APIs, capabilities, documentation, and customer/developer support. TPMs will work with cross functional teams, product management, and business teams across the company globally for timely and effective execution of key initiatives for the org.



Note: By applying to this position, your application will be considered for locations we hire for in the United States including, but not limited to: San Jose, CA.



Key Responsibilities:



Work with Engineers, Researchers, UX Designers, Product Marketers, Finance and various other stakeholders to drive technical solutions, understand technical trade-offs and architecture to optimally influence product design, estimate work efforts, define milestones and manage resources in an effort to  ideate and build Technical products. Develop, maintain and execute against a Product roadmap
Drive architecture and integration decisions and timelines with dependency teams.
Track progress, resolve dependencies, evaluate risks and communicate status to management and project stakeholders.
Engage and energize the project teams to achieve aggressive goals.
Proactively identify and resolve strategic issues that may impair the team’s ability to meet strategic, financial, and technical goals.


BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Currently enrolled as a student in an accredited Bachelors or Masters program within the United States with 0-3 years of work experience graduating December 2024-Summer 2025.
Pursuing a degree in Engineering, Computer Science or Product Management is a plus.
Technical confidence. The ability to work with Technical teams to balance product velocity and technical debt tradeoff.
A Deep customer empathy and curiosity mindset that's paired with knowledge of how to capture and synthesize customer needs and support company objectives
Strong analytical and data visualization skills. Experience with A/B , MultiVariate or other forms of testing is a plus.
Great business acumen and communication skills
Experience and knowledge of Agile methodology is a plus 
The pay range for this position at commencement of employment in California, Washington, or New York City is expected in the range below.